That our.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a hot.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sock.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing photo.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what just happened there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're about to reveal to us the secrets of the society be open scroll and then you.
Eric Rosenbaum: think the sentence 30 garage is working for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah here is the org chart.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it is.
And then.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You really should make that org chart though to him, I think, would be really funny like just artifact like a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bit Grad and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: tim's got two pages of org charts i'm sure.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: um so.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you are searching the temple.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: So well be that far gets too hot and you got to duck out for you find anything kenza you're fine searching but don't turn up anything.
Timothy Sackton: kenza you are sat down with you do see two.
Timothy Sackton: bits of shiny metal buried among the ash one is.
Timothy Sackton: The purse of coins, which has the person itself has smoldered and the coins themselves, you know a few have begun to well, I guess, no I wouldn't have gotten hot enough to melt gold so there's I forget how many coins, you get how much gold, you gave the bandits, but it was.
Timothy Sackton: 72 I like 140 gold, I think.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: something and then.
Timothy Sackton: And then, also the Horn of silent alarm with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me to those.
Timothy Sackton: you've got to have those yeah.
Oh.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's 140 cold.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: So that takes you maybe half an hour to get into the temple find all that stuff and get outstanding kind of looking down with still some time on your end visibility at that the sort of troll legged creature that's still sort of now, it seems to be doing a slow.
Timothy Sackton: circle around this big smoldering pile of women's nast and just kind of poking at it occasionally to like pick up you know some.
Timothy Sackton: weapon or smoldering you know piece of.
Timothy Sackton: Wood or something and kind of toss it aside.
Timothy Sackton: kinda seems to be like looking for, where the way burns are, although you know it doesn't make sense, because the weapons are.
Timothy Sackton: quite vague and would be super obvious and they were still there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But who's looking for the women's.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's like troll that.
Timothy Sackton: poison trolling.
Oh.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Sir clearly hasn't noticed you as long as you're staying up by the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: And if there was a baby liver and somewhere or juvenile.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To my ass off site it.
Timothy Sackton: what's the range of soul site.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um any creature anywhere I want I think it's the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That says the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Within within 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So you'd have to get a lot but you'd have to get a lot closer to it you're like 300 feet away right now.
Timothy Sackton: You have to get a lot closer to him, and if you want a full site at.
Timothy Sackton: Your choice.
wanna.
Timothy Sackton: make another self check.
Eric Rosenbaum: With this.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'll say with advantage.
Mike Sackton: you're still invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Chaos chaos oops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, do I even need a role another one let's see, just in case because we didn't know.
Timothy Sackton: I could only get one better but it's not going to ya know you sneak up close to it and useful side um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll spend a key on soul study, so I get I learned about other things about it.
Timothy Sackton: yep ah.
Timothy Sackton: So it is.
Timothy Sackton: it's fairly strong.
Timothy Sackton: It seems at the moment it, you know it's emotional state is.
Timothy Sackton: confused.
Timothy Sackton: it's not quite as strong as you are.
Timothy Sackton: But it's nearly as strong as you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like me, personally, or.
Timothy Sackton: Like you, you personally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wow not.
Timothy Sackton: Not all of you combined.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I could take it one on one probably.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you can try ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're here on a peacefulness are done we're not just starting random pledges monsters been.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of our body.
Timothy Sackton: And it is, it is definitely like.
Timothy Sackton: This thing is.
Timothy Sackton: immune to poison and come poisoned seems to be completely infusing it's so like it's almost as if you have this sort of vision of just like this, like waiver and poison just kind of dripping around your sense of it so.
Timothy Sackton: And it's completely immune to anything points at all.
Timothy Sackton: And it is.
Timothy Sackton: very strong but not very smart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I go back and convey all that information to the squad to the recon squad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, are you gonna kill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bobby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can't do it solo no not not just me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I again i'm flattered but it looks too tough for me alone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay i'll go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm ready i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm using these facial expressions and tone of voice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To say, well, maybe we don't have to kill every monster we meet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): um well, I was throwing up for like here was the Horn of silent alarm waking me up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah sorry about that, I mean i'm not sorry about that, but I sense a little tension in our relationship, you have a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I stopped blowing the Horn of sign alarm you stop putting our party unnecessarily endangered by it's striking out at monsters that we run into.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like happen yesterday, right when someone jumped and did a little punch punch for you to have someone right away without consulting with anyone else.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You you and I were on the same page yesterday let's just let's just let's just because you are my brother in arms yesterday against the Chardonnay, and so I think we did have a moment of great reconciliation in our.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): relationship, I am just giving you shit at this book but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If if we don't kill this thing the next people who wander up this way or just get a chance right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be you know, not all creatures are monsters, this is living peacefully and it's little fucking poisonous.
Mike Sackton: Like lake did you say it's like a park was surrounded by poison.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): its soul was suction poison.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's not it's not angry now it's not nefarious it's just it's just you know just.
Mike Sackton: poisonous embodiment of poison.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but, but again poison from a certain perspective is also a part of life it's not you know it's not there, just like harmfully trying to do evil things to people right it's just it's living its life and doing its thing.
kate: Do you think it eats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well result is not here right now, but it doesn't work here you're asking me to, I think, at least people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think it's necessary for us to kill it doesn't feel like it's doing anything i'm counting on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you guys really want to kill it i'll help you, but I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't see the reason to right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should probably live with it, and so you know it's killing me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm sure that's the goal right now that was what do you want to do.
Mike Sackton: Think.
It.
Mike Sackton: It seems.
Mike Sackton: Like This places.
Mike Sackton: corrupted by it, I would.
Mike Sackton: I would.
Mike Sackton: You want to kill him yes yeah i'll drop the the Alpha alpha water my slow query here, yes let's kill it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, if you want to kill it if you guys want to kill it, I think we should go get results and secret to help because it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is definitely 100%.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're going to go ambush a fucking troll all right.
Mike Sackton: Trolls are our friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know like i've got problems with the world view that we have here about you know, do you felt bad bad about killing that that family have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: More of those that family of.
Eric Rosenbaum: course.
Look.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have to kill everything that seems like a monster.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like they're just different and it's soul is full of poison like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it's trying to kill all it sees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not, though, Kim like this one wasn't right I sell side, and it was just confused right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was confused because it's with her and friends were missing what kind of relationship, do you think it i'll turn myself into a Weber and talk to it has that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you guys want to put in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: We, we have a winner and.
Mike Sackton: You know let's just put it in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many slots have we got left in the mirror.
kate: Is it powerful enough to peaceful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah I mean.
Mike Sackton: Useful isn't really my concern.
Mike Sackton: If it's trapped in the mirror we don't have to take the risk of killing it and it's no longer here.
Mike Sackton: Then it becomes this next.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah it becomes the society open scrolls problem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When we let it out inside their headquarters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I seem to be a great moment.
Mike Sackton: Along with a wizard friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's gonna be.
kate: fun we're just trying to orchestrate every year.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I honestly, though, when we break that mirror and release when we simultaneously release all of the contents of the mirror, in whatever epic grand battle that's going to happen and it's going to be fucking amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait for that moment.
Mike Sackton: What did that mean it shouldn't be that hard to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also be super easy to track it to.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean we still have probably 30 minutes worth of visibility.
Mike Sackton: Right somebody should just.
Mike Sackton: Well invisible get the mirror show it to them put the mirror somewhere where it will look at it, if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It just make some noise yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: If it fails and save we retreat if it makes it safely retreat invisibly and regroup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's easy enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: get its attention with the silent Horn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: huh yeah.
Mike Sackton: having second thoughts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, if it fails if it resists the charm of the mirror and then it's angry at the mirror for existing and.
Eric Rosenbaum: matt oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but.
Mike Sackton: right away.
kate: It doesn't have.
kate: Here is married to go in and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah It can also also I you know if I can jump and or if if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If dealt with makes me fly very easy to get away.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: we're not going to I think the plan would be to hold the mirror well invisible 40 feet away from it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: And then use a baby gets mad and charges i'll just cast fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, let's do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many slots do we have in the in the in the mirror again do we know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where they're 12.
Mike Sackton: or 12.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many are full.
Mike Sackton: As as.
burgers.
Mike Sackton: Three, I think.
Mike Sackton: What the hobgoblin but.
Mike Sackton: The hobgoblin there's at least one or axtell I think if not two arcs maybe there's one or two or it's the hobgoblin in the wizard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright plenty of space.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our 10am I am I, the one to do this to some the southeast and.
Mike Sackton: yeah I just need to be all that i'm just checking my lifestyle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah how.
Timothy Sackton: are ready within 30 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect work.
Mike Sackton: And I need to be standing next to fly is touch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you going to get away, then.
Mike Sackton: fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh about fly.
Mike Sackton: to become visible.
Mike Sackton: So, while the you will become visible, if I have to cast.
Mike Sackton: fly so be somewhere safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or no.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): realized yesterday that I seriously have been under utilizing the Raven whistle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll be fine.
Mike Sackton: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, then we sat at the trap.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: Some somebody runs back and gets.
Mike Sackton: The mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The mirror the mirror is in.
Timothy Sackton: and have the pocket.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because he's.
Mike Sackton: got the portal yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But you're not you're not getting resident secret you're just leaving.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, just the three of you just.
Mike Sackton: Just executing the plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we're just gonna I OPS right now.
Mike Sackton: Why get wiser heads to talk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to her, oh no, no, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you're going to surprise them with the with the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trauma that we found.
kate: yeah you're out playing with rocks.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah with and Kennedy need to within 30 feet of the troll make one more step jack.
Mike Sackton: We start advantage because it's in disability.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That I just got her to do that again.
Mike Sackton: cannot roll that well hopefully at 12 is good enough.
Mike Sackton: i'm sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh fucking a lot right there.
Timothy Sackton: Natural 20 ah so so as you begin to approach it.
Timothy Sackton: When you get maybe about 40 feet of way away like stops stops as poke you, you know you're you're heading down this slope towards the towards the ruins of the River nest and you know.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with like you know there's some loose rocks and you notice a few loose rocks making a sound rolling rolling down and it looks up like sort of looking around trying to find the source of the sound.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect and as it looks over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you pull the mirror out it sees the.
Mike Sackton: Maybe 30 feet close enough.
Mike Sackton: Were 30 feet away now right okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's it's moving in a direction to so it's actually as you're pulling in the mirror out it's probably maybe 15 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: I know a.
Mike Sackton: way he i'm reading an action to cast fly if it gets within 10 feet of us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm everybody roll initiative just out of interest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interest.
interest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): interest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: OK okay so so um.
Timothy Sackton: Where is ken's okay um so it's it's moving towards the sound um.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: let's say.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna say say hands on moving towards.
Timothy Sackton: heads up pulling the mirror is gonna be like the beginning of the initiative order right so well be you're just hiding off in the distance you go first you're not doing anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm actually i'm gonna really an action to shoot it if things go badly.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it then sort of looks around and and the end here's this noise and begins to move forward and as that's happening i'm so so down with you haven't gone yet so you can't ready actions before outside of combat.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of looks around and it sees his reflection in the mirror and it kind of looks confused.
Timothy Sackton: and takes this big stick that it has.
Eric Rosenbaum: A boy.
Timothy Sackton: And swings at towards the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Oh wait.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): isn't a 25 feet away or something.
Mike Sackton: It was 30 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's moving towards the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's detection.
Timothy Sackton: that's his actions to walk towards the mirror and saying a big stick at it.
No.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I find the fact that because we're visible sneaking up on it and planned we can't have a ready to action, a little implausible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or that it's a suppressor and.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: wow you can.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can.
Timothy Sackton: As gotta get a turn in order to make it it's check right to see the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: So it fails to it makes it save it gets to do something.
Mike Sackton: Right, but we are all prepared to run away it's like point we would just stand there watching it lumber towards us.
Mike Sackton: it's impossible on the face of it, that we would just stand there saying oh we're just going to stand here I get I know dmd combat is not well structured to handle this but it's.
A lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is to have them it's not like we're it's like have the mirror and if you if you folks up then dealt with cast fun we get the hell out of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's the that's our that's our power structure and that's right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like I think what what a way to treat it would be to think of the mirror as an attack rather than an action that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That dude is doing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know what the mirror and say there's something that happens on tons of turn rather than I don't know i'm just.
Mike Sackton: I would just say we have a surprise RAD so we can in fact reactions.
Mike Sackton: That seems to capture the whole idea of the English perfectly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will say the backdrop, I said i'm extremely excited it felt safe and we get to fight it.
Timothy Sackton: out and save not have to make a save every term but i'm so so okay here's the issue ah taking a taking a large mirror out of the portable hole is far from straightforward.
Mike Sackton: But we did that long before we walked over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But then, then the mirror is approaching it right like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This.
Mike Sackton: Is 00 and visible because.
Mike Sackton: Kansas and visible and he's holding it.
Timothy Sackton: But then, in order to use the mirror you've got to drop in visibility.
Mike Sackton: Well, I thought he would just put the mirror down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I.
Mike Sackton: I thought that was a good point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 10 zones action is to drop in visibility, the ogre makes it safe kinds of gets us move.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I also didn't make the mirror turn invisible when.
Mike Sackton: that's fair.
wow.
Mike Sackton: But but yeah I wasn't planning Okay, we should have communicated the strategy, a little bit better, but I was not expecting that we would like put out the portable whole climb in and then climb out of the portable whole while we were standing there.
Timothy Sackton: I figured something like you, are holding the mirror walking backwards towards that and you're going to turn around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sort of like as soon as we see that it doesn't work like we get the movie or out of the way and we fly away it's kind of idea right like if it doesn't work then we're out of there you know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a as a as a you know, since we are in Michigan.
Timothy Sackton: Where you're sort of ambushing it.
Timothy Sackton: it's aware of Delaware.
Timothy Sackton: Right doubt that role high enough on stuff.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo and well, we can have a surprise round.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So for my surprise round, can I, at least, like take the mirror and either shove, it back in the hole or like turn it away so that it's not going to get you know it by a stick.
Timothy Sackton: I will say you can attempt the enterprise your body between.
Timothy Sackton: The stick on the mirror.
Mike Sackton: it's bugging me the absolute implausibility of this like a troll runs 30 feet towards us and we're just like standing there like de de de de de.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): temps those mechanics work to our advantage to though I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what.
Timothy Sackton: rolling a five on initiative Nice.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I guess the jump on.
Mike Sackton: it's just.
Mike Sackton: An area where the end nothing happens at once doesn't really.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah the symbol.
Mike Sackton: For that's what I would roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: boolean.
Mike Sackton: We don't get the job, but you can still use the reactions before.
Mike Sackton: your initial.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I just know you can't ready actions outside of combat otherwise everything gets horribly broken.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cancer takes the hit disagree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine.
I guess.
Mike Sackton: It just it bugs me how useless and disability is in this context.
Mike Sackton: It does not seem plausible that a group of invisible people should that should be unable, even if the troll here's us to surprise the truck was allowing visibility.
Timothy Sackton: Well kensal welby is complete to lb can do it every once while be certainly gets a surprise right hand.
Timothy Sackton: Right he's invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Natural myself.
Timothy Sackton: You are also if you weren't holding so that's the issue in the mirror has to be visible in order for it to.
Timothy Sackton: Work it's not attacking you it's attacking the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Right right, the thing it can see is its reflection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right i'm gonna this actually works out great i'm going to step in front of it, and then I will, if i'm able to catch and deflect the stick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do that because I can i'm a fucking bunking can catch ship it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: On i'm with but.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'd be good, the mirror and both in.
Timothy Sackton: The door with it's just you rolled mediocre on staff that advantage, and then you roll very almost as bad as you can roll for initiative and that, just like dice sometimes fall that way right.
Mike Sackton: yeah doesn't make any sense but that's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sometimes Mike it's a fantasy world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For instance, like right now kenzo is going to stand in front of a mirror while holding it at the same time how's that happened I don't know.
kate: During that time.
Timothy Sackton: A big step.
Timothy Sackton: towards the mirror when kenzo I will say, because you because, for your you know because it's totally unaware or President.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what I do is I do this I just like spin around so that you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I get I get the mirror out of harm's way and it can hit me.
Timothy Sackton: So it is now going to attempt to hit you.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that makes sense.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see that's a 25.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I think.
Mike Sackton: just getting advantage because he.
Eric Rosenbaum: popped the lead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah disadvantages from visibility.
Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm not clear here that the beer is visible but kenza was invisible so right.
Timothy Sackton: This is what the mirror has to be visible in order for it to work if the mirror is visible.
Mike Sackton: The mirror breaks the dd rule that whatever you're carrying becomes invisible.
Timothy Sackton: The merrier that big enough that it doesn't carry something your character it.
Mike Sackton: It has historical precedents with.
Mike Sackton: invisible people.
Mike Sackton: So it makes sense to rule that way right.
Mike Sackton: it's always played them years it's.
Mike Sackton: About becoming disbelief your folders isn't visible.
Timothy Sackton: So what's happening is.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so here's the seed you approach it notices it notices it hears something approaching dealt with and begins to move towards the sound when it is about 20 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo and.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be hidden knocks and arrow that nobody can see waiting for something to happen kenzo holding the mirror sheltered by his invisible body.
Timothy Sackton: i'm managing to be silent, as he is just has enough spatial awareness to kind of sense the ground around him spins around and holds the mirror up in front of him.
Timothy Sackton: As this troll now about 20 feet away sees the mirror and begins to feel the pull and thinking this must have been what makes the sound and resisting the.
Timothy Sackton: The noise takes this stick that it's been poking around in and just swings it instinctively towards the.
Timothy Sackton: mirror, as it is doing this kenzo spins around protecting the mirror with his body.
Timothy Sackton: But still getting smacked by the.
Timothy Sackton: stack i'm taking.
Timothy Sackton: 16 points of bludgeoning damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who is he throwing a stick or actually hitting you but.
Timothy Sackton: he's hitting you with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From 50 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: He steps five feet forward right the stick as a 10 foot REACH.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's throwing a stick me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow all right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're kind of in a sticky situation.
Timothy Sackton: I think 60 is.
Timothy Sackton: Now it is Dallas turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Reduction resolve.
Mike Sackton: An issue with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: But you will turn visible.
Eric Rosenbaum: The mirror is now facing.
Timothy Sackton: The opposite way from before and now facing the opposite way.
Eric Rosenbaum: So del within his will be have to be careful, where they're looking I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
kate: kenzo can speak the.
kate: word.
Timothy Sackton: For word been captured.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When it's kind of started he's gonna spin and use the mirror again, one more time see if you can pepper.
Mike Sackton: Do you have to make multiple steps I don't remember.
Timothy Sackton: Every time you look you got to make a safe.
place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you should we should fly, we should have done this in the first place, and just been flying the whole time with them here.
Timothy Sackton: That hits yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is so that is somehow I I must have deleted my bow or something I live.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to figure out damage on that i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just gonna take me a second you guys can do stuff like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey i'm.
Timothy Sackton: asked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should should you make wallace fly and then i'll.
Mike Sackton: yeah I.
Mike Sackton: can carry by it that's not a bad idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If it doesn't have arranged weapons right so.
Timothy Sackton: Unless that decides to throw this deck.
Timothy Sackton: um so as well be as arrow pierces the body of this creature, like the chat of poison shoots out now you are 10 feet away so it doesn't hit you.
Mike Sackton: i've gotten quiet.
Mike Sackton: And then i'll go straight up.
Mike Sackton: So we've come visible.
Mike Sackton: And I go straight up.
Mike Sackton: 60 feet.
Okay.
kate: Does the creature roaring outrage or anything like that.
Mike Sackton: versus a nice quiet blow the side of the heart of style Jabbar somebody i'm gonna blow the ornstein with alarm that I took.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: night I will think of raceway.
Mike Sackton: And I have never was blown or stylish.
Mike Sackton: wow is not.
Timothy Sackton: Half a mile away so.
Timothy Sackton: anyway.
Mike Sackton: I thought they were.
Mike Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: There were still at the minds.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's pretty far.
Timothy Sackton: Half a mile to bed.
Mike Sackton: Oh well.
Mike Sackton: Did we we one of our message stoves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Find out.
Timothy Sackton: No unless we say you left one behind.
Timothy Sackton: kenza i'll do is have them.
Timothy Sackton: yeah ah so Dallas shoots up into the air, and that that creature now just looks horribly confused around at everything.
Timothy Sackton: But it is well these turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These terms, after a while the the mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we'll get it we'll get it right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unless it how.
kate: Do we miss these people haven't been gone long.
Timothy Sackton: But I haven't been gone longer than you would.
expect.
Mike Sackton: Like we did back to that or something, this is very boring for our companions.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm still some rocks i'm fine.
Timothy Sackton: Ah i'm not sure what happened to welby.
Timothy Sackton: um well reverse the order of the turn so kenza What did you do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I fly up above it now holding the mirror towards it, and then you know so literally it's like flying up in the air right above it with the mirror so i'm like right near right near dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: You should say how high you are but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh huh how high and how far would we have to be for the mirror work.
Timothy Sackton: 30 within 30 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so flat 30 feet.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: yeah 530 be trying to use the mirror like 30 more if you want right.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm sorry to interrupt Matthew twisted his ankle someone go tend to him.
or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Damage with for charges from the fire oh so he needs to make say at the beginning of the next turn or taking.
Timothy Sackton: It spits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm just going to as long as he's not in the mirror i'm just gonna keep shooting so someone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so as as you fly up and sort of yell down at the creature to like look up with now another arrow sticking out of it and more like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: poison jutting out um it looks up and kind of yells and confusion as it prepares to take the stick and hurling up at you, and then vanishes.
Nice.
All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Mike Sackton: let's go back to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said the command word turn the turn the mirror ah what.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to fly back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's let's get out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder who managed to take the stick with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh it's got to stick with it and it's got some arrows oh.
Mike Sackton: God.
Mike Sackton: what's thoroughly researched the time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good let's do that.
Timothy Sackton: Nice okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So me well being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so at all, so we do perception checks are we doing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm perception.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or offer dollar or a while we.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'll refer lobby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or said this, I can belt all natural 20.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see all to.
Mike Sackton: feast or famine today.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: There there's honestly there's not that much defined I mean you do find um.
Timothy Sackton: You know what's not destroyed in the women's nest is mostly you know, whatever copper coins you didn't take before.
Timothy Sackton: The The one thing down with that you find that seems to have survived the flames that you didn't notice in your previous.
Timothy Sackton: In your previous searching is.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: Small but fairly.
Timothy Sackton: But fairly nice Turquoise.
Timothy Sackton: gemstone that seems to have rolled into a corner.
Mike Sackton: All right, we'll take that.
Timothy Sackton: And that, but the the town itself, other than the than the weapons nest is basically just.
Timothy Sackton: You know ruin.
Timothy Sackton: hardly even I mean there's no other buildings that are even intact right, these are just these are just like like low walls, basically, where you can see the outline of where buildings used to be.
Timothy Sackton: um you do notice, you know this has a lot of this has been fairly recently smashed like the weapons have probably been.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: not here for a long.
Timothy Sackton: Right um.
Timothy Sackton: Like the nest seems like it's been fairly recently constructed.
Timothy Sackton: um but.
Timothy Sackton: But really honestly there's not a lot to find in this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, then we go and rejoin our companions yeah.
Mike Sackton: we'll take the Turquoise will rejoin our companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way, we have a story to tell you guys guess what's inside the mirror now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We added a poison crawl.
Eric Rosenbaum: You never know when that will come in handy actually.
Mike Sackton: we're yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're messing with the collections.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just remember that I gotta was evil, and we are good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't forget that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just poison troll.
Mike Sackton: We can talk to it if you'd like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we talk to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is a way to do that.
Timothy Sackton: If you know its name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know his name, you can talk to it through the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we somehow managed to guess the name of the goblin age.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I thought, if I die, do you have to know its name to talk to it.
Ah.
Mike Sackton: I couldn't remember, if you have to know its name.
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we brought them there to cheers.
Everybody knows, yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, so what you know is that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, three command words you know the command word that lets you in activate or deactivate an activator activate the mirror, you know the command where that lets you.
Timothy Sackton: release a creature contained in a cell that you identify by number.
Timothy Sackton: And you know the command word that allows you to call the name of a creature in prison, within and some of them to the surface, which that to speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: up and we believe there are additional command where it so they don't know.
Timothy Sackton: You believe there are additional command words you don't know yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll be know those learn learn learn those command words.
Timothy Sackton: Ah seeker and doubt with spend.
Timothy Sackton: fair bit of time when you had downtime in terroir i'm sort of poking and studying the mirror and found.
Timothy Sackton: Hidden letters in goblin as done the back of the mirror, which dealt with could read it, and that, in combination with some experimentation let you figure out those command words and then you just got very, very lucky guessing the name of the hobgoblin.
Timothy Sackton: Can you basically tried a bunch and somebody will the natural 28 I forget who is rolling.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think we've done what we can needed to do here, should we start on the road back to dharma.
So.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't do the students, since in the mind, but if there's nothing interesting there's something interesting that probably is like you see some copper.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's so there's not.
Timothy Sackton: That the mind has been pretty well tapped out at this point that you can sense that there is still some copper.
Timothy Sackton: You know, right at the edge of the range but it's not much and it's not and it can be positioned to mine.
Timothy Sackton: yeah everything that sort of easily accessible, has been mined already.
Timothy Sackton: So there's not, it does seem like this town was probably in at least in large part abandoned because the easily accessible copper was no longer had been mined out that's your sort of professional opinion based on what you can sense.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did we track the guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep route.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the killer.
well.
Timothy Sackton: It would have been a pretty easy fight, whether you are flying to be perfectly honest, it had only the ones that can range weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're again we're talking about heading to DARPA.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: um it's a journey of about 12 days assuming you continue at a relatively normal pace.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: First.
Timothy Sackton: couple days i'm still passing through the.
Timothy Sackton: The copper hills here it's gonna take you let's see one two.
Timothy Sackton: So you i'm assuming you basically spend the rest of the day, just you maybe you maybe you get a little bit away from the town before camping but effectively you're going to spend this this.
Timothy Sackton: This day kind of just as a rest explore day and not try to push super far given it's already like two in the afternoon but anytime you get back from the town.
Timothy Sackton: Right so maybe a few hours of travel.
Timothy Sackton: At most.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes you another two days of travel across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: sort of cutting cutting a straight path almost do West.
Timothy Sackton: To reach to sort of get through the copper hills and fight, you know find yourself now.
Timothy Sackton: In in the next after the next two years of travel as evening begins to the sun begins to sink rejoining the sort of rough trade road at a point close to.
Timothy Sackton: You can see in the distance a small encampment enclosed with a wooden wall another of these sort of done Mari manners that function is ins and small trading posts, and you know re mounts for messengers and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: So, if you would like to speak with people or spend the night in and then.
Timothy Sackton: You can approach you can of course certainly avoided if you'd like to as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: had a rough couple of days.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think spending a night, in the end, would be sensible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For spreading the word that the bandits in the River insert taking care of.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as as the sun begins to.
Timothy Sackton: approach sunset you, you know walk up to this palisade and there's there's a fair bit of excitement here because there hasn't been any travelers that have come from the from the east in a week or more and there's actually, you know as you sort of enter this small stockade and.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You know you get the sense that there's a fair number of people that have been sort of waiting here to travel East until news has.
Timothy Sackton: Passed of the safety on the road right like they don't you know.
Timothy Sackton: they're, of course, aware of the waivers and there hasn't been a lot of um.
Timothy Sackton: But, but nobody is few people have.
Timothy Sackton: ventured forth and.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like traffic that's built up basically as people wait for some of these.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You know the.
Timothy Sackton: If there's anything you want to do like you know there's not that you're now sort of back in the sort of hinterlands of DARPA you're you know you're in a.
Timothy Sackton: you're increasingly.
Timothy Sackton: you're increasingly in.
Mike Sackton: sort of safe and.
Timothy Sackton: Increasingly patrol territory.
Timothy Sackton: You know if there's stuff over the next 10 days that you want to do a role play i'm you know i'm more than happy to.
Timothy Sackton: Do whatever, but we can also just basically narrate.
Timothy Sackton: The next 10 days of travel to so let me know if there's stuff you want to do on the journey, do you want to talk I assume you'll tell people, the road is clear right, but if you want to.
Timothy Sackton: Stop along the way, or anything else.
Timothy Sackton: Have any particular goals before you reach DARPA i'm.
kate: happy to facilitate a is it a one week recharge for the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: To, we will have an it's about a week, so you would have a second.
Mike Sackton: Second let's definitely do the mirror, again, I mean we could we could just role play coming into this town.
Mike Sackton: yeah right, I mean I.
Mike Sackton: How wait, where, when will we.
Timothy Sackton: I was gonna try and stop at midnight.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pencil considered can continue practicing wiggling figurines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we stopped in the end will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will you know again per tradition set up shop a little bit in the in the end and find a person or two and do a little story and.
Eric Rosenbaum: And maybe you and I should make a chest you'll make a wooden side i'll make a stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who, yes I love that.
Eric Rosenbaum: will take a while.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's perfect all we got is time.
Mike Sackton: i'm curious who's here I mean, are there any.
Mike Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: These are people have been waiting here for a while, coming from DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: So there's there's two characters to trade caravans i'm.
Timothy Sackton: One of done Mari one of half links.
Timothy Sackton: That have been waiting here for over a week.
Timothy Sackton: You know kind of, so this is, I mean this is a.
Timothy Sackton: So so as you approach right there you know there's there's a few guards that are hanging around that are very excited to see you and and they bring you in to to meet the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: innkeeper slap so so the way these done Mari like way houses work, basically, is usually it's like somebody it's basically like somebody Manor house right so like.
Timothy Sackton: there's a Lord is also the incoming not really a lower the donmar you don't have that sort of nobility but, but some family owns the.
Timothy Sackton: You know, is charged with the maintenance of this territory and then an exchange gets the tolls and taxes and fees for people who stay there.
Timothy Sackton: Right not really in in exactly so much as like a compound and they usually have a temple.
Timothy Sackton: right places, people will stay often like a little mini trading post and things um, and so the the woman who is the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the lord of the manor or whatever the innkeeper them sort of head of the household here i'm.
Timothy Sackton: names.
But name just.
Timothy Sackton: named padma.
Timothy Sackton: She is she's a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: An older woman, you know, maybe in her early 60s.
Timothy Sackton: Long Gray hair hair in a ponytail seems in good shape healthy sort of walking you know.
Timothy Sackton: looks looks.
Timothy Sackton: fitter fit for her age.
Timothy Sackton: And is very, you know as soon as the guards sort of bring you in she's certainly excited to see you and and happy to give you.
Timothy Sackton: Free woman board in exchange for news, and especially in the first thing she asks us.
Timothy Sackton: What did you make what happened to the weapons, did you make it past them.
Mike Sackton: He killed them.
Timothy Sackton: That is good news and need.
Timothy Sackton: The road is safe.
Timothy Sackton: She looks specifically at kenzo and and Joe Hart trust seeming to trust the Denmark more than.
Timothy Sackton: Not not quite registering dealt with race immediately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was an incredibly difficult battle, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The burdens have been dispatched to the road estate.
Timothy Sackton: Many will be very pleased by this news.
Timothy Sackton: Please come enjoy our hospitality rest recover.
Timothy Sackton: No charge.
Timothy Sackton: it's my pleasure to host you this evening i'm sure there will be many you want to hear your stories if you're willing to share them.
Timothy Sackton: And many pleased with this news that.
Timothy Sackton: Not only traders, but the messenger the mail hasn't gone through and for over a week either.
Timothy Sackton: returns are.
Timothy Sackton: nasty pre.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're delighted to a bit of service.
Timothy Sackton: So anything I can do for you.
Mike Sackton: Charlie is passed through here recently the last month or two.
Timothy Sackton: Some traffic back and forth i'm.
Mike Sackton: Where i'm.
Mike Sackton: there's a particular.
Mike Sackton: man.
Mike Sackton: what's his name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cadmus.
Mike Sackton: know the one who came here severus did I make it up.
Timothy Sackton: No that's right, Sir, yes.
Mike Sackton: Sir, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was like i'm Harry Potter.
Timothy Sackton: separates us from Harry Potter services.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: service.
Mike Sackton: He doesn't want him.
Mike Sackton: went seeking the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To DARPA.
DARPA.
Mike Sackton: i'll give whatever discussion.
Mike Sackton: description, we have.
Timothy Sackton: was a while ago that he passed through though maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, two months ago, almost.
Timothy Sackton: I think just didn't speak to them, I think, just done Marty ironed up off.
Timothy Sackton: Before crossing the copper hell's.
Timothy Sackton: They didn't continue to dharma with him.
Mike Sackton: Any other.
Mike Sackton: Children is pastor recently.
Mike Sackton: Last couple days.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody is passed through in almost 10 days now.
Timothy Sackton: Not not from.
Timothy Sackton: Not from toker anyway only up up the road or from the north.
Timothy Sackton: it's been tough without the.
Timothy Sackton: roads open.
Timothy Sackton: Usually, not a lot of traffic, this time of year anyway, give him a mud in the rain, but.
Timothy Sackton: might have been a few other chardon ian's.
Timothy Sackton: don't I don't meet everybody who comes through.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody, who I spoke to extensively, though.
Timothy Sackton: Will you be staying on.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: I think we're.
Mike Sackton: heading towards DARPA in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Just the night that okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we can tend your mounts and.
Timothy Sackton: Seven X speak.
Timothy Sackton: it's an unusual amount.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's baxter he's a big sweetheart but also don't get too close to the front of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else rick your hand off yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he likes hands it's funny.
Timothy Sackton: will tend to your horses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll see the baxter he loves versus he feels very protective i'm not sure why.
Timothy Sackton: interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: please feel free to rest freshen up.
Timothy Sackton: Come come to the common room for dinner or conversation whenever you'd like.
Timothy Sackton: can't say that are.
Timothy Sackton: there's much to trade here but.
Timothy Sackton: Smith, if you need anything repaired.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly some food, if you need to restock.
Timothy Sackton: You seem to be well.
Timothy Sackton: Provision for mounts so.
kate: may need to buy some new bedroom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why barrels.
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't nurse burn out yes yeah.
Mike Sackton: A little white on we could we could mean is there, like a.
Mike Sackton: More than anything we.
Mike Sackton: We lost some supplies in our battle with the river.
Mike Sackton: basics, more than anything, babbles cloaks camping gear.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that that.
Timothy Sackton: could probably find somebody who really saw you some of that stuff.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: you're offering you willing to.
Timothy Sackton: offer some coin.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hopefully, at a discount given our service to the community.
Mike Sackton: bed rolls well tax our funds very much ken's I think.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: For the five of you like, I know 10 gold five gold to.
Timothy Sackton: Dock.
Timothy Sackton: That rolls and cloaks and things.
Timothy Sackton: So she kind of busy as yourself a little bit and gets you settled in some rooms and then heads back to sort of spread the news of the.
Timothy Sackton: Opening of the road.
Timothy Sackton: And of course you're welcome to take your food in your rooms or head to the common room as you'd like.
Mike Sackton: i'll go to the common room, I mean mostly just to listen.
Mike Sackton: And I actually like if to just chat people up a little bit and.
Mike Sackton: Find out anything any stories people I love to tell about Darbar what's it like there who's the.
Mike Sackton: Two of the important people.
Mike Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: where's the gideons where's the dangerous parts of town, you know just anything any kind of Intel we can gather on.
Mike Sackton: who have to role play that out right like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean, so you, you know you.
Timothy Sackton: You attract a lot of attention and and now everybody's realized those analysis around so it's like you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know, people are asking you for stories too and and anybody else is in the common room and certainly getting like a you know.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: hey you know what were the what were the women's like you know well, as the road, like all of us right um.
Timothy Sackton: But, but you know there's definitely some people have come from Darbar right um there's a there's a mix like merchants and and and messengers and.
Timothy Sackton: And and people, so you know you, you get a sort of basic.
Timothy Sackton: Basic sort of lay of of of Darbar um I mean dharma is one of the bigger and more cosmopolitan city, possibly the biggest and the most cosmopolitan city in Denmark substantially more people than to grow like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, tell her doesn't have a huge population is more October is more of like a monumental city right like right.
Right right.
Timothy Sackton: This is a real city like lots of people live there it's got a big poor.
Timothy Sackton: there's a substantial dwarfing quarter there's a bunch of Laurens live there it's not just done it's not just done, Maria decent number of Chardonnay needs of their has a much more mixed population.
Timothy Sackton: Lots of borbon trade sort of.
Timothy Sackton: comes and goes through there lots of cerrone and trade through the harbor.
Timothy Sackton: Last delorean trade, now that they've recently been conquered by.
Timothy Sackton: By chart in but also Murray in piracy.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and you know it's so so so it's a it's a type of city where you can find a lot of stuff right so like it's not like it's not like toker where there's you know to basically.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a great.
Timothy Sackton: And you know it's.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously, not for kenzo has been to chart in but for.
Timothy Sackton: It may be the biggest city downwards ever been in I don't know how many cities, you really traveled through.
Timothy Sackton: It would, it would not be bigger than like colon or places that that that dealt with us or side that while being right, but this is a you know, this is a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As.
Timothy Sackton: Daniel city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, I missed how much bigger than Tucker is it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's you know at least probably three times the size of coca.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cola yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But I mean tow truck so took right.
Timothy Sackton: Not not not inland there, but in population right toker doesn't have a lot of people, not a lot of people live in Tokyo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: A few thousand probably maybe 5000 that most right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And sorry what's the relative size of chart in versus toker.
Timothy Sackton: gardens like.
Timothy Sackton: 100,000 people at least right it's the biggest one of the biggest cities in the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right and how much is how big how many people is this one.
Timothy Sackton: It might be, it might be 10,000 8000 10,000.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how big was Chakra.
Timothy Sackton: 2000 maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow all right, my sense of scale is totally fucked up okay wow toker was 2000 people, this is like 4000 and charting is like 100,000 Okay, I mean, so you know 10s of grew up in charge, and so he's used to like you know what does yeah because, like you know so.
Timothy Sackton: charting is a really huge city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm in a long time now, and your.
Timothy Sackton: token so so DARPA and toker are probably about.
Timothy Sackton: relatively close to the same size in terms of land area but toker is filled with these monumental buildings and big plazas and.
Timothy Sackton: Empty ness whereas.
Timothy Sackton: darvas dealt with like slums and tenements and you know.
Timothy Sackton: lots of people just kind of crammed in not nearly so many it's not a lot of the central and and the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Cities and cities in Denmark traditionally are not really cities are lots of people live their administrative centers were the only people who really live there are the people who are responsible for administration.
Timothy Sackton: So there's not like a huge population in Tokyo those people who come and go and spend most of their time on planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the what's the landscape like is it like a city on a flat plane it's on the water to ants on the ocean or.
Timothy Sackton: On the coast yeah yo yo so it, so the land is much, much hillier and it's on a river actually um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as you pass as you sort of cross through the.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as you cross.
Timothy Sackton: plains here and and sort of come the avanti mountains are sort of creeping up to the south here, and as you come to this gap in the mountains, so, if you look at the map.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that, like as you approach, as you approach DARPA there's sort of gap between the two mountain chains, the north and south, because of the avanti mountains are to the south.
Timothy Sackton: And as you sort of come into this gap, the climate becomes much wetter.
Timothy Sackton: there's sort of rivers there's.
Timothy Sackton: forests.
Timothy Sackton: Small forest patchy, for us, but still much more forests there's no forest and central dogma, even the area that you're sort of passing through here is.
Timothy Sackton: Is not.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's rockier there's like pockets of these months in forests and then there's like river gorges and sort of sheltered valleys that.
Timothy Sackton: Are dry up in the in the dry season and then turn into waterfalls and you know cascading rivers in the wet season, the you know the the River floors flied and then you know people tend to move up elevation in the wet season down elevation in the dry season.
Timothy Sackton: rude on river is the main river that flows past Darbar and it has many small tributaries on the headwaters are.
Timothy Sackton: Not far from this in actually once you keep going when you keep going West about.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know about half the journey West you'll come to them, half the distance between here in darby you come to the headwaters of the new dawn and the and the road sort of follows the river.
Timothy Sackton: i'm much of the rest of the way, although tending to stick to the higher ground not down in the River valley itself.
Timothy Sackton: And you get into a much more lush landscape, as you approach the coast sort of like um you know cliffs with with trees sort of grown up the cliffs and then waterfalls cascading down.
Timothy Sackton: Here kind of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This doesn't matter it.
Timothy Sackton: sort of like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
Mike Sackton: It is a bad before I thought for certain.
Timothy Sackton: Parts of it are yeah I mean the forest is very, very patchy right so you'll there will be.
Timothy Sackton: You know a little chunk of forest and then there will be planes around it, some of which has been cleared for pasture.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah there's definitely a lot more trees, as you as you cross across the sort of you vonte the gap, the avanti gap towards the coastal plain as you as the you know you're descending an elevation to off the high plateaus of.
Timothy Sackton: Central done right.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you sort of cascade down to the coast, you know you you pass through a lot of these.
Timothy Sackton: You know a lot more villages here right a lot of where you are you sort of most of Denmark doesn't have villages right people are just nomadic.
Timothy Sackton: i'm in this area, a lot, not that many people are sort of permanent there's not a lot of permanent settlement.
Timothy Sackton: Because the the fertile land changes so much from the wet season, to the dry season those a lot of the sort of seasonal pastoralism right where people will move from the wet season village, to the to the dry season village just you know twice a year right they move between.
Timothy Sackton: Different pastors some places people you know the villages are permanent and people just take their herds up to the appropriate lands and you know.
Timothy Sackton: This is some of the densest settled parts of Denmark, even though it's not so dense right, and this is.
Timothy Sackton: You know, basically.
Timothy Sackton: You know not hire is actually kind of at the southern end of the sort of settled part of done my right, so this stretch between this little chunk between Darbar and I hires kind of, though, that the most densely settle the most sedentary of.
Timothy Sackton: Everywhere, and in China, you know as you sort of you know pass through this terrain right there's.
Timothy Sackton: Still raining the monsoon season is still quite.
Timothy Sackton: Robust right it rains almost every afternoon, all the rivers aren't flood the streams are for the roads are kind of a mess, although once you get on the old drink Korean road that road is in pretty good shape.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of people travel by boat, but you can't go far by foot boat because there's the rivers all cascade down these waterfalls so you can often not cannot go more than a day's journey by boat.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Still, as you get onto the.
Timothy Sackton: The road on the sort of main river here there's you know.
Timothy Sackton: trees in abundance there's you know there's.
Timothy Sackton: A timber industry, that is, you know people do you know forestry with logs being sent down river to to darby.
Timothy Sackton: there's just a lot that you know there's a lot more economic diversity here there's more agricultural diversity.
Timothy Sackton: You know, central dunbar's basically horses and then.
Timothy Sackton: it's small handful of crops in the river valleys that can be supported by irrigation you've got right here you've got.
Timothy Sackton: Timber you've got you know diverse diversified agriculture you've got.
Timothy Sackton: cattle and and.
Timothy Sackton: As well as sheep and goats, which are the things comment on the plains, fewer horses, a lot more more boats, you know there's a lot more wood to make boats and there isn't central done marwood is precious commodity.
Timothy Sackton: The land just feels more.
Timothy Sackton: richer and lusher than the Highlands is you sort of head down.
Timothy Sackton: And down the coast to the doorbell itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forget as Dr boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: New since the great war or an ancient city.
Timothy Sackton: Now darpa's old darvas one of the oldest cities and it actually.
Timothy Sackton: was originally a drink Korean coastal Fort.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's drink Korean ruins within it somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoo good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that could be relevant.
Timothy Sackton: So, again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, one other question we have any maps of ancient drink or like where the drink Korean cities were all over town and stuff like that didn't we if we stumbled across something like that no.
Timothy Sackton: exciting probably has those maps.
Timothy Sackton: lot of stuff and charting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lot of stuff and charting.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean this is a combination, I guess, of both the rumors and information you get but also a bit of a narration of the journey itself right so hey i'm.
Timothy Sackton: let's just say what What else do you want to look at in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah what else we got.
Mike Sackton: What else what's another I thought, our.
Mike Sackton: I get to plan was not a bad one, what do we have something else from her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Already diamond curated under person.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): most valuable single Jim I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah how valuable is that thing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could spend some time invest the phrasing it you're a pretty good gem Connor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we.
Mike Sackton: haven't I haven't worked with this recently from the reforms, then married and it's cruelly murdered by dastardly chuck God and see what that was that you shorts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah basically.
Mike Sackton: I was very well be asked to be.
Mike Sackton: who's taking that hundred thousand dollar, by the way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is what.
Mike Sackton: I mean della hasn't right now anybody else want it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I would really just use it to a customer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's always.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not a healthy dynamic in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): relation to no no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: De escalate revolution de escalate.
You should yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do have those messenger stones, which we have we've been using the top of each other as well, now that I think about it.
Timothy Sackton: Because you can all use for five minutes a day, though, so.
Timothy Sackton: And that's too much time using them to mess with each other in case you actually need them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah but 11 1155 every night.
Mike Sackton: 1155 every day.
Timothy Sackton: Wake up kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dream mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is weird.
Mike Sackton: Though Kansas one the caustic arrows.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, the yeah the dream near we've not mess around with the dream your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: weight, we have a dream here.
Mike Sackton: yeah can.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do I have.
Eric Rosenbaum: kind of pay more attention to these things I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: It is, if you.
Timothy Sackton: When it's filled with water, if you add a drop of a sleeping creatures blood to the wider and wider reflects that creatures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy Fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is from Arkansas.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and that's a cool one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's show that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Though, on the other hand, it was in the hot not under person I don't know if that reflects like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a good point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hierarchy of value, you know I don't know.
Mike Sackton: about the message stones.
Mike Sackton: I mean dollar things on her person, where the wanted caustic arrows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which i'm carrying.
Mike Sackton: Which Kansas carrying.
Mike Sackton: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like the idea of the diamonds, because, like the arrows like used for fighting she could have gotten that anywhere, the even the message stones are very utilitarian but the diamond is like.
Mike Sackton: A dime is that yeah I like that idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm in this look let's say we spend the morning sometime.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah with it to appraise it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good we did that on the road.
Timothy Sackton: yeah make.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With advantage, since you're doing it every morning.
Mike Sackton: So we did we add the Turquoise stone that I found him on here.
Timothy Sackton: I don't add stuff to your partner I just add stuff to my secret.
Timothy Sackton: party document.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which trick plus.
Mike Sackton: um I found that dealt with found that Turquoise stone in the women's wear well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I did not know that.
I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): added the subtle and the brace for, though.
Timothy Sackton: Right okay um.
Timothy Sackton: The let's see I would say, make a make a intelligence check but add your proficiency so Wendy 20 plus eight.
Eric Rosenbaum: do well, it comes out to.
Eric Rosenbaum: 10.
and
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: hey.
Timothy Sackton: If.
Timothy Sackton: you've not seen anything this fancy before.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably you know worth between.
Timothy Sackton: One and 2000 gold.
huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is significant right that's.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah that's it that's significant that's like the quality of gemstone needed to raise the dead significant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would you give out an example TIM.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's a weird metric.
Timothy Sackton: Well, because that's one of the spouse that has a very valuable.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I see I see.
Mike Sackton: what's what's show that there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah seems good one.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the relevant question being How did this come into I got this position.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It works, the chain of ownership.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us the story wow yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep and who would like to show the diamonds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Romans got the highest wisdom again.
kate: Oh i'll give it another shot.
kate: see what the dice say this time.
kate: TIM, can you just did I asked the question, the same way I did last time.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will, I will give her is when inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just so she can get explosive damage on it excellent role.
Timothy Sackton: No inspiration or.
Timothy Sackton: skill checks lets you vote twice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know I know.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So make your wisdom check and then you can add what is it eight.
Timothy Sackton: what's your inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: The other that's right let's.
Timothy Sackton: Roll roll a da twice and take the higher one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You get you get inspiration does good, but with a bitch.
Mike Sackton: It for skill checks yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's seekers one of seekers powers, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's cool.
kate: That not show up.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can just say.
kate: No, but it's not it's not showing up for me either I just keep hitting the little.
kate: button.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you have to do backslash role in da.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a command.
Mike Sackton: oops I didn't need to actually roll i've tried to type the command but.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you figure that out, I gotta look at something here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice there you go.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah 19.
Timothy Sackton: So 19 okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So you hold the this beautiful cut diamond up to the to the mirror and.
Timothy Sackton: tell it ask it again, you know the same question you've asked you before you know, whereas how did a got to come and what's the story of a goddess.
Timothy Sackton: acquisition of ownership of this thing or something.
kate: That is.
kate: coming into her possession from being in the.
kate: session of another person.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The the image fades and.
Timothy Sackton: The seeing turns black for a moment and then you see.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in her will actually see it'll go forward in time right So you see first you see a.
Timothy Sackton: You see a series of images that kind of flashed before the mirror the first one is.
Timothy Sackton: Is a dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in in a workshop and you're sort of staring up at this like massively enlarged Orban, I like through the back of.
Timothy Sackton: The bands right and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Familiar any idea like what family, the dwarf is from like any kind of you know what you know we got two doors here like are they like oh shit it's like a thorn burger.
Timothy Sackton: You don't.
Timothy Sackton: You don't recognize this particular dwarf, and I um.
Timothy Sackton: But whoever it is seems to be paying an inordinate amount of tension to sort of crafting and shaping this this diamond and occasionally like holding it up and examining it and you know you're in a underground's you know workshop like clearly some gem cutters.
Timothy Sackton: And this seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you know enough about kind of woven architecture and whoever in history that this isn't a.
Timothy Sackton: This doesn't look you vonte right, so this isn't are super recent.
Timothy Sackton: event right, this is in some city that looks unfamiliar to both of you so so probably not from either the Nordic that Kingdom in the rocky mountains or from the sequence.
Timothy Sackton: But of course there's many other places where where dwarves are, and in fact the one that's most known for Japanese is sort of to the west of.
Timothy Sackton: The West of secrets homeland's like in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: And then, just like a you know, a flash of images passed by.
Timothy Sackton: being traded.
Timothy Sackton: You know first two.
Timothy Sackton: Other dwarves than the Flash of sun and for us, as you travel along a road.
Timothy Sackton: Through.
Timothy Sackton: Be for us massive trees like redwoods stretching to the sky, as you follow the course of a river down from the mountains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's where we're going.
Timothy Sackton: Then a flash again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're doing current place that that sounds like a river that's flowing down for its turn.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, this is, this is probably in the, this is probably the forest that you've been talking about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Year yeah where the secret where where the secret Copyright Office.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's where we got to go there.
Mike Sackton: yeah I thought that was our next destination.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That means this trend that is headed towards charting right now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
Timothy Sackton: Next chart next you see the brief glimpse of the city of charting from a.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as you're being.
Timothy Sackton: held and placed into a locked chest.
Timothy Sackton: heart hardly just a flash right you only racking as a discharge and from the Silhouette of this enormous this like.
Timothy Sackton: extinct volcano and just the sort of black glass of the mouth of the obsidian mountain that looms over the city itself, on the other side of the River.
Timothy Sackton: And then, a flash again some store room.
Timothy Sackton: chests of coin.
Timothy Sackton: elaborate wooden locked chests.
Timothy Sackton: And darkness, then as the gem is locked in a chest.
Timothy Sackton: And then just blackness for a long time.
Timothy Sackton: Then.
Timothy Sackton: hassling trading caravan.
Timothy Sackton: Leaving the city.
Timothy Sackton: A large caravan nope nobody you recognize.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No one you got turned to would that we rescued from.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody recognized from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In any of this TIM any idea when this is all happening like I wouldn't let me see chart in like is it like progress for pre great work was Great War be since.
Timothy Sackton: This is post Great War but not super recent.
Timothy Sackton: And, and from that from the sort of you know as the half flings.
Timothy Sackton: caravan travels right, you also get the sense well be that this is.
Timothy Sackton: hundred years ago 70 years ago something like that right, so not recent but not a long, long.
Timothy Sackton: And you are traveling now again just brief glimpses of the of the sky, as you as you pass through um.
Timothy Sackton: You know you travel along the road.
Timothy Sackton: Heading East occasionally a little glimpse now of the Highlands of the plains of done mar.
Timothy Sackton: And then ah.
Timothy Sackton: Ending you recognize the city of toker.
Timothy Sackton: again put in a store room there.
Timothy Sackton: And then the final vision.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in a goddess.
Timothy Sackton: room in her hot.
Timothy Sackton: tea drinking tea.
Timothy Sackton: And all they're done Marty man.
Timothy Sackton: holding the diamond.
Timothy Sackton: And speaking urgently and.
Timothy Sackton: quickly to a gotta almost seeming almost pleading and anxious.
Timothy Sackton: and handing it over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's the man.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody you recognize.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What it looked like any distinction characteristics.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe in their late 50s short cropped Gray hair.
Timothy Sackton: Look, to have been.
Timothy Sackton: Like red eyes from.
Timothy Sackton: long nights of no sleep or tears or some combination of the of the both.
Timothy Sackton: wrinkled face seem to be.
Timothy Sackton: Not not no particularly elaborate clothes, or anything like this is incongruous the amount of wealth that they're holding in your hand compared to.
Timothy Sackton: What their person looks like and what they're wearing typical sort of done Mari traveling close sort of grays and browns.
Timothy Sackton: No weapons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But just from a pure intuition TIM does this look like a person of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know either nobility you know, obviously they're dressing travel cloak whoever whoever is doing this is moving in you know they're not working wearing like Royal and Sydney hasn't shipped but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do they have like a presence about them do they do, they seem like a person that you know, has been in fucking you know, do they seem like nobility or or somebody of prestige just based on like how they're how they're holding themselves.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: If anything, this looks like.
Timothy Sackton: This looks like a.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely not that the way they're sort of carrying themselves and walking in holding this conversation, this seems like somebody who is desperate and out of their depth.
But there.
Mike Sackton: Are there any rumors or stories or tails of i'll get to offering to try and raise people from the dead, is it like a magic that people might think she would have had.
Mike Sackton: me, is it plausible this guy somehow acquired this diamond went to her to be like raise blah blah blah from the dead and she basically screwed him.
Timothy Sackton: it's plausible yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or did it who knows.
Mike Sackton: Well now, if she did the damn it would be gone right.
Timothy Sackton: there's no use the diamond to raise somebody from the dead, it would be gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I see I see I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's treating us like Ursula from little mermaid you know she's so.
Mike Sackton: But I mean there's nobody to think she'd actually do what she said, I mean.
Mike Sackton: there's really two ways to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): list the courts and be like I raised it.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Or if somebody says bring him back and she brings them back as a ghost or a zombie.
Mike Sackton: Right right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's no seem, though, of how of how the diamond left took her.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: But you're.
Timothy Sackton: So so you're feeling from the way, like just your your vibe from the scene is this person probably didn't acquire it completely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Timothy Sackton: This is like a temple guard or something right, this is not somebody who is a.
Timothy Sackton: yeah power but it's somebody who could potentially have.
Timothy Sackton: done something rather naughty in desperation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the ERA again this still seem like about seven years ago, or potentially like earlier.
Timothy Sackton: Now, maybe like you know, maybe like between 20 and 50 years ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: inconclusive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if it's not totally unrelated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe not exactly what we're looking for, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: There i'm sure there's more of that story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, that again point this mirror like this would be such a fucking cool device and, like any kind of movie or you know book or whatever you know it's like what an amazing like you know thing like i've never seen something like this in a in a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As part of like a plot device in anything right it's so awesome like amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like endless have like little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: clues and things you can weave into with it with a woman, I don't like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: So cool it's really fun, it does put a burden on TIM to constantly coming up with these interesting stories, but they enrich the world that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How they are they're amazing it's it's incredible.
Eric Rosenbaum: And somebody's got to learn lip reading.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know i'm saying.
Timothy Sackton: There is a feat that lets you read lips.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody could try and learn it.
Timothy Sackton: So, then, the scene fades.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Unless there's anything else you're desperate to do on the road, I think, given as we're approaching midnight here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah with with the.
Timothy Sackton: approach to DARPA so we can start next session in garbage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome perfect.
Timothy Sackton: So after you know about 10 days on the road from the in where you rejoin civilization as you've approached these increasingly.
Timothy Sackton: densely populated and civilized areas i'm.
Timothy Sackton: you find yourself on the afternoon of some time in early August, will have the exact date once I calculate out stuff.
Timothy Sackton: About approaching the walled city of darby.
Timothy Sackton: In the late afternoon as the rains have cleared in the sun has come out behind the clouds.
Timothy Sackton: set on a rocky coastline perched above the flooded swamps of the route on river, as it at its river mouth, as it flows into the sea, and as you.
Timothy Sackton: For a few hours now you've come around sort of over over a rise and have been.
Timothy Sackton: Looking out at the ocean which.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if this is some of you, this may be the first time you've seen the ocean obviously not well beer cans out.
Timothy Sackton: And I guess seeker you were also.
Timothy Sackton: The other chart and does actually enough up the coast you can't see the ocean from charmin.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo our secret may have never seen before, either, to be honest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My not actually yeah yeah let's say i'm having more fun that way.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, or may only be.
Timothy Sackton: It may only be well he's he's spent any significant time on the ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: della.
Mike Sackton: della.
Mike Sackton: Is moderately well traveled but probably saw the ocean in some.
Mike Sackton: On.
Mike Sackton: sort of rough fashion right like I don't know.
Mike Sackton: riding somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: don't bow down a river being attacked by whatever attack.
Mike Sackton: yeah or something right like.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Mike Sackton: Like he would have never appreciated, but I don't I don't feel like he would have never seen it, he was like relatively well traveled to the great war and a little bit before the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: So you can see, this expanse of rocky coastline and the coastline is rocky here right a lot of the coastline is cliffs like white class i'm stone click that drop to the see.
Timothy Sackton: Though the.
Timothy Sackton: city of garbage itself is is an on an area where you know it's not quite so steep a drop right but it's still set slightly above the.
Timothy Sackton: The flooded swamps and from a distance, you can still see the white walls of the old Korean Korean for that guards the entrance to the harbor the harbor itself is sat in the River mouth.
Timothy Sackton: A six towers of this oh four gleaming in the sun and Captain ending view across the whole bustling city.
Timothy Sackton: Old trade road you're on follows the sort of height of the land north of the river in the city itself is all pretty much set north of the river.
Timothy Sackton: i'm avoiding this sort of river Delta area and approaching the old gates the drain Korean gates wrought iron motifs have confronted lions framing the gate invisible even from a distance of nearly a mile.
Timothy Sackton: The city itself, though, even outside the walls is pretty densely set all right so there's a like shanty town of wouldn't dwellings and flooded muddy streets on the South side of the River.
Timothy Sackton: Now, in the monsoon flood there's small boats that are you can see in the distance going back and forth from the sort of main harbor on the North side to the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: More informal harbor on the South side.
Timothy Sackton: Many of these are distinctive high proud loria hold boats that that form of ferry service going back and forth, and this you've heard people tell this.
Timothy Sackton: Outside the walls to the south of the river is really that often the delorean district it's where a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: Laurens the people settled the islands in the Navajo see.
Timothy Sackton: And also, at one point where the rulers briefly after the Great War conquer darby and many of them live in the sort of swamp slums now.
Timothy Sackton: there's some lizard folk there's dwarves those happenings you've passed a diversity of people on the road here and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: seeker, the first time you've seen lizard folk in a while, you of course know their language and spend some time living with them yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He created really.
Eric Rosenbaum: long time ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, actually that's not true at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was on my way over to be.
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't it.
Timothy Sackton: was like what a year ago, or something or here yeah but that could seem like an awful long time ago to seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: You can see the massive tall selling ships in the sheltered estuary the three and four math and square rig cardone and trading carnivals the small and fast.
Timothy Sackton: lorean ships and occasional stranger boats with unusual stiff sales from further afield, this is a you know, this is a place where you know even some.
Timothy Sackton: Some of the trade from far South across the sea of storms are from you know.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever.
Timothy Sackton: unremarked on people who live on the sort of peninsula on the far side of the Emerald see do occasionally come to dharma to trade.
Timothy Sackton: There are no real.
Timothy Sackton: Few done Mari ships that are Mario themselves are not known as shipbuilders although you do see the occasional single master and then Mari long ship patrolling the waters.
Timothy Sackton: The only warships of any kind are dunmore everything else as a trainer although many of the chart Ionian carnivals look like they could be warships in a pinch.
Timothy Sackton: You blend in with a steady flow of traffic as you approach the gate so dwarves bringing iron merchant caravans loaded with goods of all kinds, heading North and South.
Timothy Sackton: So son got South tonight Har lumber and food moving in and out of the city.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You pass in the you know miles that you've traveled in the last little bit towards the city of communal pastures fields, the occasional small village.
Timothy Sackton: where's and water Mills that adopt the landscape just Linda dharma.
Timothy Sackton: fueling you know.
Timothy Sackton: males driving industry here.
Timothy Sackton: This is a much more developed place then in terms of the sort of diversity of its economy and its.
Timothy Sackton: Commerce than a place like token.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like what's the official capital of dark done margin.
Timothy Sackton: Nice car.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I archaeologists out okay.
Timothy Sackton: All the way this which is, which is a sort of also like toker kind of a monumental city right, it was constraints, a new city, it was constructed by the nyan dynasty.
Timothy Sackton: And it's built as like their Center of administration right DARPA is one of the only cities in Denmark that's really a city in a natural sense that sort of grew up around this grand Korean Ford and then a fishing village and then trading right so like sort of grew up over time.
Timothy Sackton: And we will end as you approach the gates in the evening in this flow of traffic i'm.
Timothy Sackton: With you know.
Timothy Sackton: You have your letter of introduction to the.
Timothy Sackton: UN you've learned.
Timothy Sackton: The administrator the high priest of DARPA his name navin.
Timothy Sackton: He is a.
Timothy Sackton: base of operations is in the old drink Korean Fort which has been taken over for.
Timothy Sackton: city administration.
Timothy Sackton: You have many ends around the bustling market square and then of course down in the docks area.
Timothy Sackton: There is a large done Mary style caravanserai outside the walls and also one in a sort of area of the old open green.
Timothy Sackton: So you have many destinations and i'll remind you have all this when you play next so.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: So we'll stop as you step through the gates and decide where to go next.
Eric Rosenbaum: week we might consider how obvious to be about our.
Mike Sackton: Identity yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yeah you can deal with that next time to although here, you would stand out much even an Elf would be noted on but stand out much less than anywhere else you've been.
Timothy Sackton: And certainly to humans to doors and to half links with hardly be commented on.
Timothy Sackton: If dealt with sort of poses hood.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing guys so whenever whatever.